if Beverly Hills is the playground for
billionaires then this is where they
would all like to live and with the
price tag of a hundred and thirty five
million dollars they're the only ones
who could afford Beverly house the most
expensive home ever to go on sale in
America you look at the elegance of the
house but you see a certain size you
feel this is a very nice estate you have
no idea what's in store until we go in
so let's go and as you come in you are
hit with this incredible 75 foot long
entry hall and of course the most
important thing you see is the view of
the outside which is to me one of the
great estates of all time
Jeff Highland is real estate agent to
the rich and famous so you can't find
this anywhere else
save on two and a half hectares of
manicured gardens Beverly House is the
largest of five buildings totaling six
and a half thousand square metres the
equivalent of 30 average Australian
homes we have 30 bedrooms we have 40
bathrooms I've never seen anything like
this and sadly I never will again you
walk into this estate and you're just
blown away you know it can never be
duplicated it was built in the 1920s and
is now owned by lawyer
Leonard Ross but it's most famous
occupant was newspaper publisher William
Randolph Hearst who moved here with his
mistress Hollywood actress Marion Davies
and this is where Hearst would have all
his guests come and you can imagine who
his guests were these were the most
powerful people in Hollywood my favorite
room in the house is the library and you
can see why as we come into it this is
stunning truly magnificent there's a
terrace big enough to seat 400 people
and where do they go after they eat and
here we have the Art Deco nightclub
because every house needs a nightclub
right Jeff and it gets plenty of use
Rihanna
celebrated her last two birthdays here
Prince Albert of Monaco recently had a
party
and it was here at Beverly house where
John F Kennedy spent part of his
honeymoon photos show that future
president and he young bride Jackie
splashing around the pool in 1953 it's
conceivable that JFK and Jackie would
have said unless they spent all the time
in the bedroom they were they were here
and if it looks familiar you're right it
was in The Godfather and was the home
where Whitney Houston's character lived
in The Bodyguard with my life all of a
sudden this 1% of this 1% is now out
there thinking well instead of buying
another Picasso or an old master oh
maybe I should buy an estate like
Beverly House I can live in it I can
enjoy it I can party I can have fun
amazingly whoever buys it is unlikely to
live here permanently I would not be a
bit surprised if there is somebody from
Australia who does come through here and
brings his suitcase and opens the
suitcase and there's his this is money
if the price tag is too large you can
always rent it for a mere six hundred
thousand dollars a month in Beverly
Hills Mike a more seven